Right?
Boss, who did it?
Supermarket, but someone must go, right?
Something happened at the Emgrand Hotel.
Many customers have complained of food poisoning
The Emgrand Hotel was seized on the spot
The imperial capital and dynasty are our own property
accident together
Someone must have targeted me on purpose
For whom?
Mr. Liu Tian, this is the first time we have met
Master Fengyun
Master, who are you?
I don't even know you.
We have no grievances
Why are you targeting me?
Why is that?
Because there are conditions that someone cannot refuse with their ability
Want me to get rid of you
What? This beautiful woman
You are Ye Linger
Who are you, Ben?
Xiao Ling Tianjing City Xiao Family Di eldest son
From now on
You called my woman?